a)What is a syscall? Explain in a sentence.
Ans. Programs cannot directly interact with hardware, therefore, they make a request to the OS kernel whenever an operation is to be conducted
like memory allocation, for example. This request is referred to as a system call or syscall for short.

b)Name a few syscalls and what they do.
Ans. Going in order of the output.
	1. execve: This syscall basically replaces the current running process with a new program. So for example, if we type in a command into 
		   the terminal like ls, what happens is that the shell creates a child process which has a clone of the shell. This clone is 
		   discarded and the ls program is loaded when syscall execve is used. It must be noted that the original shell remains intact.
	2. brk: This has more to do with dynamic memory allocation ie malloc(). Basically, it shifts the boundary of the process' heap memory. 
		It is called at the beginning because every program needs some memory to work with initially.
	3. mmap: This basically just maps a file or a block of memory into a process' address, similar to a pointer. So rather than creating two 
		 copies in the kernel and program buffer, the data is accessed by the process directly using address, like how a pointer works.
		 You can use it to map real files or just get allocated memory as well. In the first mmap syscall as seen in screenshot, it is
		 anonymous mmap which is called to get memory initially, again involves malloc.
	4. access: This syscall exists to check whether the program has permission to access a file directly without opening it. 
	5. openat: This opens a file and returns a number which is the file descriptor. With this file descriptor you can use syscalls like read,
		   write, close etc.
	6. read: This syscall takes data from the disk as required and then gives it to the program buffer.
	7. fstat: This is called to ask for metadata of an open file from the kernel. Metadata refers to the basic info of a file like its file type, 
		  size etc 
	8. close: This essentially closes the file by returning the file descriptor number back to the kernel.                                                                             
	9. ioctl: This calls exists to give special commands that are not read or write to a file.
	10. statx: This syscall is a specialised version of fstat basically as it provides a more detailed metadata. Not only can you specifiy only
		   what you want, you can also get extra info that fstat does not provide.
	11. newfstatat: Basically, this one is like fstat only but does not require the fle to be open as it can get metadata from a path
			that is relative to the directory.
	12. getdents64: This works like the ls command in the terminal and lists the files and folders present in a directory.
	13. write: This receives information from your program buffer and then transmits it to the file descriptor. It kind of works like a reverse
		   read
	14. sigaltstack: This allocates the memory to be used in a stack when a signal handler is run. Which basically means that if there is some
			 sort of interruption a signal is sent and recieved which causes the program to stop and the signal handler to be run.
			 However for this handler to run, some stack space is necessary and this is where this syscall comes into play.
	15. munmap: This is the opposite of mmap. It just removes the memory mapping freeing up that address space.
	16. exit_group: This is the final syscall that a program makes. It is used to terminate all the threads in the program and exit.
